Inheritance:
    It is one of the main pillars of Object oriented programing.
    It allows one class to acquire the fields and the properties of
    another class.

Why should we use Inheritance:
    It helps us save a lot of code repetition.

Rules:
    1) All the private members (instance vars, method)
    Can't be used through inheritance.
    2) Private members of a superclass/base/Parent are not inherited by the
    subclass
    3) Members that have default accessibility in the superclass are also
      not inherited by subclasses in other packages, as these members are
      only accessible by their simple names in subclasses within the same
      package as the superclass.
    4) Since constructors blocks are not members of a class, they are not
    inherited by a subclass.
    5) A subclass can extend only one superclass directly at the same
      level

Types of Inheritance:
    1) Single Inheritance:
        Only one parent and one child class
    2) Hierarchical inheritance:
        When a class has more than one child classes
    (sub classes) or in other words more than one child classes have the
    same parent class.
    3) Multilevel inheritance:
        In Multilevel inheritances there exists single base class,
        single derived class and multiple intermediate base classes.
        Example: Vehicle Class --> Car Class --> BMW X5 Class
                 base class   intermediate base class   derived class

Advantages:
    Code re-usability:
        the same methods and variables which are defined in a
        parent/super/base class can be used in the child/sub/derived
        class.
    Application performance is enhanced (improved).
    Redundancy (repetition) of the code is reduced or
    minimized so that we get consistent results and
    less storage cost.

Disadvantages:
    The main disadvantage of using inheritance is that the two
    classes (parent and child class) get tightly coupled.
    This means that if we change the code of parent class, it will
    affect to all the child classes which are inheriting/deriving
    the parent class, and hence, it cannot be independent of each
    other.





